I. Keyboard Driver
  1. Fix the arrow key problem.
  
II. Kernel Shell
  1. Create a fullscreen line-view functionality.

III. Memory
  1. Paging
    a. Add an option to set all pages to "Not Present" and an allocate on PF
       hook. Using that we can detect bad memory usage by watching when a module
       overlaps on another's pages.
    b. Re-introduce paging functions to the heap allocator.
    c. Introduce dynamic page allocation. New space on heaps require more pages
       to be given to the current process (kernel for now).

IV. Disk IO
  1. Create helper methods for zeroing blocks of bytes. Or patterns.
  2. Create an interface for the ATA Tester. See the docs/ata_tester.txt for 
     a mockup of the interface.
  3. Setup DMA functionality for disk reading.
  
V. Filesystem
  1. Return error values when FS operations fail.
  
VI. String Functions Review
  1. Some strings functions have problem with null termination. Find them and 
     fix them.
     
VII. Kernel Modules
  1. Rework and formalize the Kernel module architecture.
     
VII. General Improvement
  1. GDT and IDT are loaded at an address near 5MB and this area is close to the
     area where the OS stores a bunch of stuff. I had a bug where the GDT and 
     IDT tables were getting overwritten and caused a GPF. Memory manager is 
     loaded at 6MB to fix the problem. Find a better place for those tables.
  2. Create a malloc canary to detect buffer overflows. Extend each allocation
     by a couple of bytes and insert a special value. At some point, each 
     allocations are verified and if any allocation has its canary bytes 
     overwritten then we had a buffer overflow. The process is not automatic
     but it can help debugging some of the memory problems I've started having 
     with the new heap allocator.

VIII. Processes & Threads
  1. Create structure to store threads and threads. Store registers and switch
     them when passing from thread to another.
  2. Create syncronisation primitives.
  3. Create some methods where the current thread get preempted if others are 
     waiting.

IX. Add a MODULE_PRELUDE macro to auto insert required properties in kernel
    modules.